# UG_Campus_Maps
The problem of finding venues is not a strange phenomenon in societies. People usually arrive at a place late, get wrong directions or miss the event altogether because of lack of knowledge of the route to the venue. Also, students on campus lack a platform to check and get notification on ongoing events on campus; they hardly get to know of events that happen due to their busy schedules. Occasions such as these inspired the development of the new way to get to know about events, where it is located and how to get there.

A web, mobile and indoor map application were developed to provide navigation and event notification. Since the society we live in today is rapidly changing and as technology becomes better everything is communicating over the internet through web and mobile applications it is therefore advisable to use this approach to develop solutions for such problems.

The aim of this project is to develop a database driven web application with a backend for a central system admin to add events, venues and all necessary information that would be viewed by the user. The next objective is to display the route from where the user is to navigate through on the mobile device. Upon arrival at a destination, an indoor map will be displayed to allow the user to navigate the building and find routes to rooms and offices. Indoor maps will be available for selected buildings. Finally, the application is meant to display information about events at the respective venues.

The target of this project is the university of Ghana campus and its community. It targets visitors and students, especially those who are new to the environment where information dissemination is always taking place. The project was developed using Django for the web application, Java with android studio for the android application and QGIS and wrld3D for indoor map application.
